chore(blog): add june community summary blog (#3057)
asyncapi/website: markdown/blog/2024-june-summary.md

---
title: "Community Update: June 2024"
date: 2024-07-02T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2024-blog-banner/blog-banner-june.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: AsyncAPI Community Manager
excerpt: 'June Community Update'
featured: true
---

We have some fantastic news to share: we are pleased to welcome [IBM](https://www.ibm.com/us-en) as our new Gold Sponsor for this year. We are proud of IBM's ongoing support for the initiative. A huge thank you goes to [Salma Saeed](https://www.ibm.com/us-en) for her efforts in making this happen.

<a href='https://www.ibm.com/us-en' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/sponsors/ibm.png' alt='IBM' width='500px' />
</a>

If you are interested in supporting the AsyncAPI Initiative or would like to know how we spend our donations, please take a look at our [AsyncAPI Financial Summary](https://www.asyncapi.com/finance) for detailed breakdowns.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Postman Partnership Changes

In recent developments, several dedicated professionals from Postman who worked full-time on the AsyncAPI initiative have found themselves laid off. This development brings an dedicated [over three-year-long partnership with Postman to an end](https://github.com/blog/asyncapi-partners-with-postman). 

### Assuring AsyncAPI’s Importance

Despite these changes, it is important to understand that Postman’s commitment to AsyncAPI remains steadfast. The decision to lay off these talented individuals is not a reflection of AsyncAPI’s value or relevance. In fact, Postman continues to recognize and support the importance of AsyncAPI in the industry. To reinforce their commitment, Postman has significantly increased their financial backing for AsyncAPI. They will upgrade their support to Platinum level, contributing an additional $12,000. Moreover, Postman is set to become a Platinum sponsor of the AsyncAPI Conf on Tour with a $5,000 contribution and will also add an extra $10,000 to further initiatives within the AsyncAPI ecosystem.

### Opportunities for Talented Professionals

For those professionals affected by the layoffs, we ask the AsyncAPI community to step up and assist in their job search. There is a list with all names, their profile descriptions, and contact points. We encourage the wider community to [share this information](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LSL2Tt72h29S8UoxCHeBEuwWGhbnpJPEI6Psa5dLqkQ) and help these professionals find new opportunities.

```

@thulieblack wdyt?

Author: @derberg added the section

Please keep an eye on our Slack channel for further announcements.

## AsyncAPI Bounty Program
The  AsyncAPI Bounty Program Q3 is in full swing, with 9 out of 10 issues already assigned and being worked on. Meanwhile, half of the Q2 issues are still in progress. We are pleased to see the program positively impacting the community. 
We want to express our gratitude to [Viacheslav Turovskyi](https://github.com/aeworxet) for his dedication to running the program smoothly and ensuring that participants adhere to the Bounty Rules. For more details on the submitted issues, please take a look at the [AsyncAPI Bounty Program Board](https://github.com/orgs/asyncapi/projects/36).

## Community Discussions

### Website Redesign
In recent weeks, [Aishat Muibudeen](https://github.com/Mayaleeeee) (Maya) has been conducting a UX audit on the AsyncAPI website and has identified user experience issues. In the audit, she proposed redesigning the website to address these issues and improve the overall experience. Please read the [Proposal to Redesign the AsyncAPI Website](https://github.com/asyncapi/website/issues/3018) for more details.

### Marketing Working Group

> We have a new Marketing Working Group; the group aims to use marketing strategies to accomplish two key objectives: promoting AsyncAPI adoption and showcasing community achievements. It envisions close collaboration between the AsyncAPI community and sponsors by strategically demonstrating AsyncAPI capabilities and celebrating community successes. If you're interested in participating, please join the [Marketing WG meeting on Tuesday, 2nd July, at 14:00 UTC](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/issues/1292).

Reviewer: 2nd of July is tomorrow, so I guess better to remove the info about meeting, and maybe refer people to dedicated slack channel?

---
title: "Community Update: June 2024"
date: 2024-07-02T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2024-blog-banner/blog-banner-june.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: AsyncAPI Community Manager
excerpt: 'June Community Update'
featured: true
---

We have some fantastic news to share: we are pleased to welcome [IBM](https://www.ibm.com/us-en) as our new Gold Sponsor for this year. We are proud of IBM's ongoing support for the initiative. A huge thank you goes to [Salma Saeed](https://www.ibm.com/us-en) for her efforts in making this happen.

<a href='https://www.ibm.com/us-en' target='_blank'>
<img src='/img/sponsors/ibm.png' alt='IBM' width='500px' />
</a>

If you are interested in supporting the AsyncAPI Initiative or would like to know how we spend our donations, please take a look at our [AsyncAPI Financial Summary](https://www.asyncapi.com/finance) for detailed breakdowns.

## Postman Partnership Changes

> In recent developments, several dedicated professionals from Postman who worked full-time on the AsyncAPI Initiative have unfortunately been affected by structural changes marking the end of a partnership with [Postman that lasted over three years](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/asyncapi-partners-with-postman).

Reviewer 2: Better context for screen readers 

```suggestion
In recent developments, several dedicated professionals from Postman who worked full-time on the AsyncAPI Initiative have unfortunately been affected by structural changes marking the end of a [partnership with Postman that lasted over three years](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/asyncapi-partners-with-postman).
```

> In recent developments, several dedicated professionals from Postman who worked full-time on the AsyncAPI Initiative have unfortunately been affected by layoffs, and this marks the end of a dedicated partnership with [Postman that lasted over three years](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/asyncapi-partners-with-postman).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In recent developments, Postman decided to stop supporting several dedicated professionals who worked full-time on the AsyncAPI Initiative, and this marks the end of a dedicated partnership with [Postman that lasted over three years](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/asyncapi-partners-with-postman).
```
